Hi, it's good to have you back on
this next section on how to approach the collision detection problem.
I told you in the first lesson that you will be developing a collision avoidance system,
and this course and other big question is, where do we start?
Now before we dive into code and algorithms,
let's take a step back and look at the problem.
I have something for you here.
Imagine you have a police car and a Lamborghini,
and the Lamborghini is driving away and the police car is chasing it.
Now this one breaks, the Lamborghini brake slows down,
and obviously the police car approaches quickly.
What we want is a system that is able to warn us,
and this means the police car,
in time before a collision with the preceding vehicle occurs.
Maybe you have heard that the human reaction time is approximately one second.
So a good system should warn us way ahead of that,
and this is why most available systems issue a warning
or trigger the break about two seconds before a collision is imminent.
So we have already done the first step here.
We have transformed this problem of how to avoid collisions into a new problem,
which is how to compute the time until the collision occurs.
In order to solve this new problem,
you need to take a look at a few things.
First, familiarize yourself with the variables we need to measure.
Then, take a look at
the two different ocean models we could use to describe vehicle movement.
Then thirdly, test your new knowledge in a quiz and
self-emotion equations for the time to collision computation.
Once you have done all that, you are ready to attack
the problem with some code. Let's go for it.